## HomeBot Story

Imagine you went to sleep at night.  In the morning,  at 6 am,  the alarm rings.  You wake up and instead of pressing a button or touching your smartphone screen,  you say good morning and the alarm goes off, the curtains open automatically,  and the lights turn on if the sun has not risen at that time. (there will be sensors for sensing the intensity of the light).  You hear the gadget saying  to you : "Good morning  Francesco,  Today is 17 November,  it's Thursday.  It's 6 am now.  The temperature is 35° Celsius.  It is sunny/rainy/cloudy outside. Then it says the news. And after this,  your favorite music starts playing in the background. Now you go to the kitchen and coffee is ready for you to drink, and bread is already toasted.  Now after some time,  the doorbell rings but you do not need to go to the door to answer it.  You can see who is there outside the door on your smartphone and TV.  You come to know that he his a friend of yours.  You just press a button and the doors gets unlocked. He tells you that you should go with him for a movie.  You ask this gadget which movies are currently being shown in the nearby movie theaters.  It gives a list of the ongoing movies.  You tell it to book 2 tickets of a particular movie.  Then just like you are telling a person,  you tell the gadget that you are going  out in your car to watch this movie. Then when you go out of the house,  you say good bye,  the house responds with good bye and all the lights turn off, The heating/cooling systems turn off, all the doors automatically get locked,  and the garage door opens.  You then go to watch the movies. When you are at the movies,  some thief comes at your house.  Just as he comes near the door,  the alarm goes off.  There is laser security system and ultrasonic security system(this is a really new concept,  NOBODY knows about it), and you get notified on your phone.  Now if the thief tries to open the door lock,  he gets a electric shock, and the police gets notified about it, and the thief gets caught. Now after watching  the movies,  you come back home and the garage door automatically opens itself because it recognizes the Bluetooth signal of your car.  Then you go to the door of your house and the door gets automatically unlocked because of your smartphone Bluetooth, or you can even use Nfc, if you don't have a smartphone with you at that time,  you can also add a password in the keypad on the door to open it.  The door unlocks,  the light turns on and your favorite music starts playing in the background and the house treats you by saying  "welcome back".  This was just a small glimpse(or a really long description)  of what my project would look like in the future.
